Feat: Implement Capacitor wallet plugin binding (#1646)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: bindings/capacitorjs/README.md

# IOTA Wallet Library - Capacitor plugin binding

## Requirements (only for building the binary yourself)

[Android: Follow this guide](https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet.rs/tree/develop/bindings/java#instead-build-everything-from-scratch-yourself)

[iOS: Follow this guide](https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet.rs/blob/develop/bindings/swift)

## Installation

- Using NPM:

```bash
npm install @iota/wallet-mobile
npx cap sync
```

## Building the @iota/wallet-mobile Capacitor plugin

```sh
npm run build
```

> This command copy the already built libraries from Java and Swift bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command copies the already built libraries from Java and Swift bindings.
```
Alternatively `will copy`

Author: Thanks! 😅

> This command copies the already built libraries from Java and Swift bindings.

Reviewer 2: Small suggestion?

```suggestion
This command copies the prebuilt libraries from Java and Swift bindings.
```

Author: 👌
